Refactor bootstrap sequence for Bash scripts (#11)
RedHatInsights/cicd-tools: README.md

One can simply either source the [src/bootstrap.sh](bootstrap) script directly:

```
$ source <(curl -sSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RedHatInsights/cicd-tools/main/src/bootstrap.sh)
$ container_engine_cmd --version
  podman version 4.6.1

```

In case you want to refactor some of your scripts using this library, here's a snippet you can use:

```
load_cicd_helper_functions() {

    local LIBRARY_TO_LOAD=${1:-all}
    local CICD_TOOLS_REPO_BRANCH='main'
    local CICD_TOOLS_REPO_ORG='RedHatInsights'
    local CICD_TOOLS_URL="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/${CICD_TOOLS_REPO_ORG}/cicd-tools/${CICD_TOOLS_REPO_BRANCH}/src/bootstrap.sh"
    set -e
    source <(curl -sSL "$CICD_TOOLS_URL") "$LIBRARY_TO_LOAD"
    set +e
}

load_cicd_helper_functions
```

you can select which collection needs to load independently as a parameter:

```
source bootstrap.sh container_engine
```

The bootstrap script will download the selected version of the CICD scripts (or `latest` if none specified) into the directory defined by
the `CICD_TOOLS_WORKDIR` variable (defaults to `.cicd_tools` in the current directory). 

> **Please note** that the directory defined by the `CICD_TOOLS_WORKDIR` will be deleted !

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Please note** that when cloning the repo, the directory defined by the `CICD_TOOLS_WORKDIR` will be deleted!
```

> You can disable recreation feature by setting the `CICD_TOOLS_SKIP_RECREATE` variable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can disable running the `git clone` by setting the `CICD_TOOLS_SKIP_GIT_CLONE` variable
```
